Further edits for Add code examples PR (#1339)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/primitives-examples.mdx

from qiskit.circuit.library import IQP
from qiskit.transpiler.preset_passmanagers import generate_preset_pass_manager
from qiskit.quantum_info import random_hermitian

> from qiskit_ibm_runtime import EstimatorV2 as Estimator

Reviewer: This is in the Sampler section so should probably be sampler

> from qiskit_ibm_runtime import EstimatorV2 as Estimator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import SamplerV2 as Sampler
```
